[Music]
I'm ching-he Huang and I grew up around
Chinese flavors ingredients and
wonderful Asian cooking I love using
fresh ingredients and amazing flavors to
create mouth-watering Asian dishes in
this series of exploring classic Chinese
sources such as plum oyster
black beans and sweet and sour
[Music]
now I want to share with you another one
of my favorite sources and that is
oyster sauce that's a wonderfully rich
umami savory and slightly fishy sauce
but not overpowering at all it's just a
fantastic store cupboard staple this is
my Singapore noodles first thing I want
to do is prep all my ingredients so I
just want the 1 inch piece of fresh
fruit ginger now this is not a
traditional Chinese implement but I do
love using it especially for preparing
ginger now with the chilli this is going
to have just a little bit of a kick just
slice them into nice thin strips so
they're finely chopped now I've also got
here some lovely fresh shiitake
mushrooms so I just want to slice them
into nice thin pieces next I want to
slice up my red pepper this is going to
add sweetness and crunch and now the
same thing with the carrots I just
wanted julienne this now this is going
to add color and texture sweetness and
crunch for my salad onions just going to
slice them on the angle until they're
sort of horse ear shaped we call it mud
off so it's a shape of the horses ear
quite sweet next I've got here some nice
pieces of smoky streaky bacon I'm just
going to finely chop this into nice
little finish pieces now I've got here
some cooked chicken breast and this is
actually roast chicken breast and all I
need to do is just shred it into nice
bite-sized pieces
now you can use whatever you like for
this dish it really is that versatile so
in very quickly with
the ginger and the chili and stir-fry
that for good few seconds just a few
seconds to release their aroma and
anywhere the shiitake mushrooms and in
with some ground turmeric and it gives
this dish a malt curry flavor wonderful
we can see it's turned all the
ingredients lovely and golden now this
is the sort of dry stir-fry so you have
to keep stirring as you add the
ingredients in now at this stage I'm
going to introduce the bacon I want to
get this lovely and just crisp and a
little bit burnt at the edges and then
in with the carrots and those patties
and they don't take any time at all so
just give them a good toss now from here
on it's quite quick so in with bean
sprouts that cooked chickens that roast
chicken pieces give that a good stir in
with the noodles and these are all
cooked ready to go you can buy dried
rice noodles and you can soften them in
some hot water for about 10 minutes
half the world's noodles are eaten in
China there are humble everyday
ingredient enjoyed throughout the
country from the backstreet kitchens of
rural China to the five-star hotels of
Beijing so here I just need two
tablespoons of appeared of rice vinegar
and this is going to add a lovely
sourness to the dish now the
all-important
oyster sauce and then we're just going
to stir that all in together and that
really gives the dish a lovely flavor in
with a little bit of toasted sesame oil
light soy sauce a small pinch of crushed
chili and then just give this a good
stir I'm not quite finished yet and to
make a space a little well in the center
and we're going to crack in a nice large
egg and when then we're going to just
mix that into the dish and then lastly
the horsey a shaped salad onions it
smells amazing all those flavors and
that is a big plateful generous one of
my fiery Singapore noodles
you